[IndexFilters] Add IndexFilters component (#8440)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/serious-moose-count.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': major
'polaris.shopify.com': minor
---

> [IndexFilters] Added IndexFilters component, updated Tabs and Filters components, created LegacyFilters component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `IndexFilters` component, which combines redesigned `Tabs` and `Filters` components to make searching, filtering, and saving `IndexTable` views a more consistent, intuitive experience for merchants
- Redesigned the `Tabs` component API and UX and migrated the old API to a `LegacyTabs` component
- Redesigned the `Filters` API and UX and migrated the old API to a `LegacyFilters` component
```
